I'm not talking to you! Shut up!
How can the truth make you clear to yourself?
Lin Qianjiao
You are now going to help them slander me together.
Or tell the truth in its entirety
You choose.
Xiao Lingtian, who doesn't know that you are causing trouble here?
Don't mislead President Wan
Right? Pay
Pay Lingqing, you pay
Let me ask you another question.
You choose to tell the truth or lie
Why do you have to force me to answer this question?
I'm forcing you to tell the truth?
It seems that you already have a choice in your heart, right?
Why would I beat up those magical creatures?
It's because they kicked me out for no reason
Why should I tear up this contract?
It's because of Wang Bojie and cultivating some horizontal leaks
Conspiracy
I had thought that
You still have some kindness in your heart
But now it seems
Your eyes
Has been completely blinded by the world
I'm so disappointed in you.
I should be disappointed in you.
You have no idea what I'm carrying
I need the support of the Xiao family
I used to not need this
But the side cover of the gantry was ruined by you.
The project river has been destroyed by you
You ruined it all
What right do you have to stand here accusing me and blaming me?
Blame me
Why don't you reflect on yourself?
Such a question
Why are you blaming me for all your faults?
Why should I talk to you?
Lin Qianjiao
You and Long Yuan have been husband and wife for several years
Why don't you have any marital love at all?
It's nonsense here
I don't miss old love
Ok I don't miss old relationships
Second President, we can testify
Today is Ye Longyuan making trouble here